java cDiploma in Business Process  Systems Engineering CRM Project (40%) Objective: This project aims to create a platform. to allow students to learn about CRM. Through the project, students will have the opportunity to apply the knowledge and skills to practical examples. They will need skills, such as analytical skills, process improvement,    and Excel VBA macro skills.Instructions and requirements: Your group will be tasked with developing a CRM system for ABC Toys Manufacturing (as depicted in your PBL scenarios). You should consider the 3 levels of CRM: Strategic, Operational and Analytical when identifying the list of features to include in your CRM system.As per described in the Discovery Journal scenarios 1-5, every group will need to build a CRM system using VBA on Excel.You may refer to your Lab practices on some of the features to be included in your project. Additionally, do check out the reference textbook on some ideas regarding CRM to be included in the project development, e.g. Customer Portfolios analysis, workflow integration, communication channels, Customer LTV calculations etc.During your project presentation, you are required to showcase/demonstrate the features th代 写Diploma in Business Process & Systems EngineeringR
代做程序编程语言at you have built into your CRM system. Every member is to explain his/her individual VBA development work contributed in the project. Below are the deliverables:1.   Request-For-Proposal   (listing features required by ABC Toys Manufacturing)2.   CRM system built on VBA (this will be the product you are proposing to ABC Toys Manufacturing)3.   PowerPoint to explain all the features in your proposed CRM systemGroup size: 3-4 students (differing sizes may be allowed in exceptional cases).The number of students in a group will determine the content requirement of your project.Component weightages: School-based Assessment Weightage Project Components Lab work 15% (Individual) CRM system (Excel VBA software) 15% (Group) Presentation and demonstration of software (PPT) 10% (Individual) 40% Lab work (15%, individual) Each lab work is worth 15 marks, consisting of a guided and non-guided portion. The final assessment score will be based on the average marks attained from lab sheets 1 to 6.All lab work will be completed and submitted at the end of each lab session.CRM System (15%, Group) and Presentation/Demonstration (10%, Individual) Rubrics: 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
